# Hangman: Unravel the Mystery Word

Dive into a classic game of Hangman, where suspense meets strategy. 
Presented with a series of underscores representing an unknown word fetched from an external API, 
your mission is to unveil the hidden word letter by letter. 
But beware, each incorrect guess brings you closer to the looming gallows. 
As the game unfolds, you'll be continuously prompted for your next guess, and the 
incorrectly guessed letters will be displayed, guiding (or taunting!) you on your journey 
to solve the mystery. Will you decipher the word in time, or will the hangman claim another victim? The challenge awaits!


# Table of contents

1. [Installation](#hangman-game-installation-guide)
2. [Development installation](#development-setup-guide-for-hangman)
3. Usage
4. Features
5. Contribute

# Hangman Game Installation Guide

1. Navigate to Hangman's [Release Page](https://github.com/afk0901/Hangman/releases/tag/Major) and click on <strong>Hangman.exe</strong> to download.
   <b>Note:</b> Some operating systems might block .exe files by default for security reasons. You might need to workaround that in your browser to download and run the installer.
2. Once downloaded, open the Hangman.exe file.
3. Proceed with the installation by following the prompts.
4. After installation, you're all set! Launch Hangman and enjoy the game.

# Development Setup Guide for Hangman

For those interested in exploring or modifying the codebase, follow these steps:

1. Clone the Repository by running <code>git clone https://github.com/afk0901/Hangman.git</code> at the desired place in the terminal
2. Navigate to the cloned project directory and create a virtual environment using the following command: <code>python -m venv venv_name</code>
    Replace venv_name with your desired name for the virtual environment.
3. Activate your virtual environment and then install the required packages from the requirements.txt file by running <code>pip install -r requirements.txt</code>
  <b>Note for Windows Users:</b> If Python is not set in your PATH, you might need to run: <code>py -m pip install -r requirements.txt</code> to install the dependencies.
4. You're all set! To launch the game, execute the main.py file

# Usage

Launching the game is straightforward:

1. Run the Hangman game.
2. Random word will be chosen, and its letters will be hidden as underscores (e.g., _ _ _ _).
3. Simply input your letter guesses when prompted.
4. No special commands or command line arguments required – just guess and have fun!

# Features

1. Classic Gameplay: Enjoy the timeless game of Hangman brought to your computer.
2. Dynamic Word Selection: Never play the same game twice! Our game utilizes an external API to fetch random words, ensuring a unique challenge every time.

# Contribution

## Bug Reports & Feature Requests
If you encounter any bugs or have a feature in mind that could enhance the game, please reach out to me via <a href="mailto:arnar11@hotmail.com">email</a>

## Development Guidelines

Contributors are always welcome! If you wish to contribute:

1. Fork or clone the repository.
2. Make your changes in a separate branch.
3. Ensure your code adheres to the existing style for consistency. We are using Black for code formatting.
4. Submit a pull request with a detailed description of the changes.
5. In your pull request, explain the value your contribution brings to the project and how it enhances/improves the game.
 
I appreciate your contributions and will do my best to review and merge them promptly.

<sup>This README is generated by ChatGTP and modified as needed<sup>


